temporary fix of VirusTotal offset 1 error in reputation (#22062)
demisto/content: Packs/CommonScripts/ReleaseNotes/1_9_8.md

#### Scripts
##### DomainReputation

> - Fixed an issue where calling VirusTotal integration would return error msg offset 1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where using the script together with VirusTotal integration would return an error.
```

Author: done.
